fix: Adding a note to mention that Material Brush resources should be… (#1238)
unoplatform/Uno.Themes: doc/material-migration.md

### Color Update
 A new color palette has been created for v2, meaning any color palette overrides ResourceDictionary in your app must be updated with the new resource keys. An example of the new color palette can be seen in the new [Uno.Material default palette](https://github.com/unoplatform/Uno.Themes/blob/master/src/library/Uno.Material/Styles/Application/v2/SharedColorPalette.xaml). For more information on the updated colors, you can refer to the "Colors and Themes" section of the [Material 3 Migration Guide](https://material.io/blog/migrating-material-3).

>  > [!NOTE]
> > As of version 1, the Brush resources have been relocated to ThemeDictionaries. To reference these Brush resources, use the ThemeResource binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> As of v2, the Brush resources have been relocated to ThemeDictionaries. To reference these Brush resources, use the `ThemeResource` binding.
> More information on theme resources can be found [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/design/style/xaml-theme-resources)
```

Namespace|Previous Package|New Package|
-|-|-
ControlExtensions.Icon|Uno.Material.Extensions|Uno.Material|

> Ripple|Uno.Material.Controls|Uno.Material|

Reviewer 2: @kazo0 don't think a change here is needed no?

Author: I didn't change anything there, that line was just deleted and added again while I made changes on other lines
The code is still the same
